Document support for special terms at run-time, one-sided formula (#155)
JuliaStats/StatsModels.jl: docs/src/internals.md

const POLY_CONTEXT = Any

# struct for behavior
struct PolyTerm{T,D} <: AbstractTerm
    term::T
    deg::D
end

Base.show(io::IO, p::PolyTerm) = print(io, "poly($(p.term), $(p.deg))")

# first pass: create PolyTerm

> StatsModels.apply_schema(t::FunctionTerm{typeof(poly)},

Reviewer: Because this is split onto so many lines.
I think it would be much easier to read if it stated with `function`
and ended with `end`

                         sch::StatsModels.Schema,
                         Mod::Type{<:POLY_CONTEXT}) =
    apply_schema(PolyTerm(t.args_parsed...), sch, Mod)

> # second pass: apply schema to internal Terms and check for proper types

Reviewer: Why do we now do this in two passes?

Author: I was gonna say, keep reading ;)

Yes a pointer would be appropriate

              Estimate  Std. Error   t value  Pr(>|t|)  Lower 95%  Upper 95%
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
(Intercept)   0.693521   0.159469    4.34893    <1e-4    0.376934    1.01011
a^1           2.1042     0.383115    5.49235    <1e-6    1.34362     2.86478
a^2           2.34395    1.39244     1.68334    0.0956  -0.420386    5.10829
b^1          -0.180113   0.148698   -1.21127    0.2288  -0.475317    0.11509
b^2           2.89786    0.0794572  36.4707     <1e-56   2.74012     3.05561
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
```

### [Making special syntax "runtime friendly"] (@id extend-runtime)

When used from the `@formula` macro, special syntax relies on dispatching on the
`FunctionTerm{MyFunction}` type.  But when creating a formula at runtime
without the `@formula` macro, `FunctionTerm`s aren't available, and so care must
be taken to make sure you provide a runtime replacement.  The example for `poly`
above shows how to do this, but we spell it out here in more detail.

The first step is to make sure you can create a schema-less instance of the

> `AbstractTerm` that implements your special syntax behavior.  That's why for the

Reviewer 2: One of "that's why" and "that means" should be dropped.

types of the `term` and `deg` fields aren't specified but are parameters of the
`PolyTerm` type.

The second step is to provide an `apply_schema` method that upgrades a
schema-less instance to one with a schema (i.e., one that can be used with
`modelcols`).  For example, we've specified `apply_schema(pt::PolyTerm, ...)`
which calls `apply_schema` on the wrapped `pt.term`, returning a new `PolyTerm`
with the instantiated result.  This might seem like unnecessary indirection,
given that `apply_schema(::FunctionTerm{typeof(poly)}, ...)` simply returns a
schema-less `PolyTerm`.  But it means that users can do things like

```jldoctest 1
julia> ff = apply_schema(term(:y) ~ term(1) + term(:a) + PolyTerm(term(:b), term(2)),
                         schema(data),
                         StatisticalModel)
FormulaTerm
Response:
  y(continuous)
Predictors:
  1
  a(continuous)
  poly(b, 2)

julia> modelcols(ff.rhs, data)
4×4 Array{Float64,2}:
 1.0  0.488613  1.0   1.0
 1.0  0.210968  2.0   4.0
 1.0  0.951916  3.0   9.0
 1.0  0.999905  4.0  16.0
```

This is workable if a little verbose, so the third (optional) step is to provide

> additional "runtime" methods for the function that's used in the `@formula`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
additional "runtime" methods for the function that are used in the `@formula`
```

Author: "function" is the head of this relative clause so single number is appropriate no?  That is, it's the function that's used, not the methods...although now I see that this is potentially structurally ambiguous :)

(Intercept)  0.911363    0.310486   2.93528    0.0042   0.295214    1.52751
poly(b, 2)   2.94442     0.191024  15.4139     <1e-27   2.56534     3.3235
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

julia> fit(GeneralizedLinearModel, @formula(y ~ 1 + poly(b,2)), sim_dat, Normal())
StatsModels.TableRegressionModel{GeneralizedLinearModel{GLM.GlmResp{Array{Float64,1},Normal{Float64},IdentityLink},GLM.DensePredChol{Float64,LinearAlgebra.Cholesky{Float64,Array{Float64,2}}}},Array{Float64,2}}

y ~ 1 + poly(b, 2)

Coefficients:
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
             Estimate  Std. Error  z value  Pr(>|z|)  Lower 95%  Upper 95%
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
(Intercept)  0.829374   0.131582    6.3031    <1e-9    0.571478    1.08727
b^1          2.13096    0.100552   21.1926    <1e-98   1.93388     2.32804
b^2          3.1132     0.0813107  38.2877    <1e-99   2.95384     3.27257
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

```

(a `GeneralizeLinearModel` with a `Normal` distribution is equivalent to a
`LinearModel`)

> ### [Making special syntax "runtime friendly"] (@id extend-runtime)

Reviewer: Should this section be above the last?
It seems more closely re.ated to the example

Author: Everything in this section is about the same example, and the thing about the context is really important (more so than supporting run-time creation I'd say).  Then again, I'm not totally committed to this order.  I'd just written the earlier parts in one go and didn't want to have to edit those sections but I can have another look.
